_portfolio/airways/en.md, before:

---
title: "AirWays"
lang: en
date: 2017-05-09
layout: project
permalink: /airways/
description: "It is an established fact too long ago that a reader will be distracted by the content of the text ..."

# Footer
call_to_action_title: You already know how we work
cal_to_action_subtitle: Start working with us

email: hola@turpialdev.com
email_subject: Hello%20Turpial%20Dev
phone_number_label: +58 (212) 754 1143
phone_number: +582127541143

sections:
    detail:
        image_pointer_1: Hello
        image_pointer_2: An other hello here
        synthesis_title: Here's a cool title
        synthesis: It is an established fact too long ago that a reader will be distracted by the content of the text It is an established fact too long ago that a reader will be distracted by the content of the text
        fun_fact: Sabías que.. en este proyecto utilizamos la tecnología ‘Lorem ipsum” para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum.
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/xl.png
    first_steps:
        title: First steps
        image: /img/portfolio/airways.png
        image_pointer: Hello
        synthesis_title: Aqui un titulo cool
        synthesis: Es un hecho establecido hace demasiado tiempo que un lector se distraerá con el contenido del texto Es un hecho establecido hace demasiado tiempo que un lector se distraerá con elcontenido del texto.
        fun_fact: Sabías que.. en este proyecto utilizamos la tecnología ‘Lorem ipsum” para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum.
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/xl.png
    design:
        title: Diseno por <br> principios
        steps:
            - content: Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Voluptatibus voluptatum nemo vel reprehenderit cumque maxime perferendis. Obcaecati delectus quia non laudantium porro, dicta quae autem nobis iusto ut harum sint!
            - content: Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Voluptatibus voluptatum nemo vel reprehenderit cumque maxime perferendis.
            - content: Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Voluptatibus voluptatum nemo vel reprehenderit cumque maxime perferendis. Obcaecati delectus quia non laudantium porro.
    technologies:
        title: Tech
        image: /img/portfolio/airways.png
        synthesis_title: Aqui un titulo cool
        synthesis: Es un hecho establecido hace demasiado tiempo que un lector se distraerá con el contenido del texto Es un hecho establecido hace demasiado tiempo que un lector se distraerá con elcontenido del texto.
        fun_fact: Sabías que.. en este proyecto utilizamos la tecnología ‘Lorem ipsum” para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum.
        tools:
            - name: Django
            - name: Angular4
            - name: Ionic
            # ----------- limit 3 -------------
            - name: Sketch
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/xl.png
    results:
        title: Results
        quote: Sabías que.. en este proyecto utilizamos la tecnología ‘Lorem ipsum” para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum.
        external_button_label: Widu, CCO.
        external_button_link: https://google.com
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/xl.png
---

Commit message:

- Home page text and translations added

_portfolio/airways/en.md, after:

---
title: "AirWays"
lang: en
date: 2017-05-09
layout: project
permalink: /airways/
description: "Magazine's website and custom subscription management
For Airways Magazine we set-up their public website and CMS, to manage the publication of all their stories, and a custom Fully-featured subscriber management system."

# Footer
call_to_action_title: You already know how we work
cal_to_action_subtitle: Start working with us

email: hola@turpialdev.com
email_subject: Hello%20Turpial%20Dev
phone_number_label: +58 (212) 754 1143
phone_number: +582127541143

sections:
    detail:
        image_pointer_1: Hello
        image_pointer_2: An other hello here
        synthesis_title: Here's a cool title
        synthesis: It is an established fact too long ago that a reader will be distracted by the content of the text It is an established fact too long ago that a reader will be distracted by the content of the text
        fun_fact: Sabías que.. en este proyecto utilizamos la tecnología ‘Lorem ipsum” para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum.
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/xl.png
    first_steps:
        title: First steps
        image: /img/portfolio/airways.png
        image_pointer: Hello
        synthesis_title: Aqui un titulo cool
        synthesis: Es un hecho establecido hace demasiado tiempo que un lector se distraerá con el contenido del texto Es un hecho establecido hace demasiado tiempo que un lector se distraerá con elcontenido del texto.
        fun_fact: Sabías que.. en este proyecto utilizamos la tecnología ‘Lorem ipsum” para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum.
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/xl.png
    design:
        title: Diseno por <br> principios
        steps:
            - content: Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Voluptatibus voluptatum nemo vel reprehenderit cumque maxime perferendis. Obcaecati delectus quia non laudantium porro, dicta quae autem nobis iusto ut harum sint!
            - content: Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Voluptatibus voluptatum nemo vel reprehenderit cumque maxime perferendis.
            - content: Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Voluptatibus voluptatum nemo vel reprehenderit cumque maxime perferendis. Obcaecati delectus quia non laudantium porro.
    technologies:
        title: Tech
        image: /img/portfolio/airways.png
        synthesis_title: Aqui un titulo cool
        synthesis: Es un hecho establecido hace demasiado tiempo que un lector se distraerá con el contenido del texto Es un hecho establecido hace demasiado tiempo que un lector se distraerá con elcontenido del texto.
        fun_fact: Sabías que.. en este proyecto utilizamos la tecnología ‘Lorem ipsum” para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum.
        tools:
            - name: Django
            - name: Angular4
            - name: Ionic
            # ----------- limit 3 -------------
            - name: Sketch
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/xl.png
    results:
        title: Results
        quote: Sabías que.. en este proyecto utilizamos la tecnología ‘Lorem ipsum” para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum.
        external_button_label: Widu, CCO.
        external_button_link: https://google.com
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/airways/detail/xl.png
---
