_portfolio/tidbit/en.md, before:

---
title: "Tidbit"
lang: en
date: 2016-05-09
layout: project
permalink: /tidbit/
description: "It is an established fact too long ago that a reader will be distracted by the content of the text ..."

# Footer
call_to_action_title: You already know how we work
cal_to_action_subtitle: Start working with us

email: hola@turpialdev.com
email_subject: Hello%20Turpial%20Dev
phone_number_label: +58 (212) 754 1143
phone_number: +582127541143

sections:
    detail:
        image_pointer_1: Hello
        image_pointer_2: An other hello here
        synthesis_title: Here's a cool title
        synthesis: It is an established fact too long ago that a reader will be distracted by the content of the text It is an established fact too long ago that a reader will be distracted by the content of the text
        fun_fact: Sabías que.. en este proyecto utilizamos la tecnología ‘Lorem ipsum” para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum.
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/tidbit/detail/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/tidbit/detail/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/tidbit/detail/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/tidbit/detail/xl.png
    first_steps:
        title: First steps
        image: /img/portfolio/airways.png
        image_pointer: Hello
        synthesis_title: Aqui un titulo cool
        synthesis: Es un hecho establecido hace demasiado tiempo que un lector se distraerá con el contenido del texto Es un hecho establecido hace demasiado tiempo que un lector se distraerá con elcontenido del texto.
        fun_fact: Sabías que.. en este proyecto utilizamos la tecnología ‘Lorem ipsum” para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum.
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/tidbit/first_steps/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/tidbit/first_steps/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/tidbit/first_steps/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/tidbit/first_steps/xl.png
    design:
        title: Diseno por <br> principios
        steps:
            - content: Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Voluptatibus voluptatum nemo vel reprehenderit cumque maxime perferendis. Obcaecati delectus quia non laudantium porro, dicta quae autem nobis iusto ut harum sint!
            - content: Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Voluptatibus voluptatum nemo vel reprehenderit cumque maxime perferendis.
            - content: Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Voluptatibus voluptatum nemo vel reprehenderit cumque maxime perferendis. Obcaecati delectus quia non laudantium porro.
    technologies:
        title: Tech
        image: /img/portfolio/airways.png
        synthesis_title: Aqui un titulo cool
        synthesis: Es un hecho establecido hace demasiado tiempo que un lector se distraerá con el contenido del texto Es un hecho establecido hace demasiado tiempo que un lector se distraerá con elcontenido del texto.
        fun_fact: Sabías que.. en este proyecto utilizamos la tecnología ‘Lorem ipsum” para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum.
        tools:
            - name: Django
            - name: Angular4
            - name: Ionic
            # ----------- limit 3 -------------
            - name: Sketch
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/tidbit/technologies/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/tidbit/technologies/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/tidbit/technologies/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/tidbit/technologies/xl.png
    results:
        title: Results
        quote: Sabías que.. en este proyecto utilizamos la tecnología ‘Lorem ipsum” para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum para tal cosa texto aqui lorem ipsum.
        external_button_label: Widu, CCO.
        external_button_link: https://google.com
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/tidbit/results/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/tidbit/results/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/tidbit/results/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/tidbit/results/xl.png
---

Commit message:

Textos de portafolio para Tidbit inglés y español

_portfolio/tidbit/en.md, after:

---
title: "Tidbit"
lang: en
date: 2016-05-09
layout: project
permalink: /tidbit/
description: "Tidbit is social network for foodies that gives you personalized restaurant recommendations based on your preferences and your friends ratings on individual dishes, developed by Turpial."

# Footer
call_to_action_title: You already know how we work
cal_to_action_subtitle: Start working with us

email: hola@turpialdev.com
email_subject: Hello%20Turpial%20Dev
phone_number_label: +58 (212) 754 1143
phone_number: +582127541143

sections:
    detail:
        image_pointer_1: Foodies
        image_pointer_2: Get it on the App Store and Google Play
        synthesis_title: By foodies, for foodies
        synthesis: It’s a social network for food lovers that offers personalized restaurant and dish recommendations based on the user's preferences as well as comments and ratings of individual dishes by their friends.
        fun_fact: The first time our client had the initial idea for TidBit Social was during a family dinner, talking about how amazing it would be to access to family and friends' recommendations, so our client wrote some concepts on a napkin, gave some more thought to this idea and TidBit Social was born.
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/tidbit/detail/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/tidbit/detail/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/tidbit/detail/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/tidbit/detail/xl.png
    first_steps:
        title: Our Processes
        image: /img/portfolio/airways.png
        image_pointer: Tidbit won Startup Fan Favorite Award at eMerge Americas, 2018
        synthesis_title: Built using agile methodologies
        synthesis: "TidBit Social branding agency did a lot of work defining the look of the app while Turpial, with more experience on UX/UI helped ensure usability and good experience in the design
We worked using agile methodologies with daily standup meetings, planning the work for each iteration and making sure everyone was on the same page and with the same vision."
        fun_fact: Turpial started to work on Tidbit Social in 2016 when Washington, DC-based entrepreneurs came to us with this idea. 
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/tidbit/first_steps/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/tidbit/first_steps/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/tidbit/first_steps/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/tidbit/first_steps/xl.png
    # design:
        # title: Diseno por <br> principios
       #  steps:
            # - content: Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Voluptatibus voluptatum nemo vel reprehenderit cumque maxime perferendis. Obcaecati delectus quia non laudantium porro, dicta quae autem nobis iusto ut harum sint!
            # - content: Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Voluptatibus voluptatum nemo vel reprehenderit cumque maxime perferendis.
            # - content: Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Voluptatibus voluptatum nemo vel reprehenderit cumque maxime perferendis. Obcaecati delectus quia non laudantium porro.
    technologies:
        title: Tech
        image: /img/portfolio/airways.png
        synthesis_title: Ensuring quality
        synthesis: Agile methodologies are always present in our projects and TidBit. We worked with Ionic for a quick-to-market app and Django for the server side, later the mobile app was refactored to React Native. To ensure quality Test Driven Development was practiced in large parts of the project.
        fun_fact: Ionic and React Native are two popular development frameworks used to reuse most of the code, developing apps for different platforms faster and at lower costs
        tools:
            - name: Django
            - name: Ionic
            - name: React Native
            # ----------- limit 3 -------------
            - name: Sketch
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/tidbit/technologies/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/tidbit/technologies/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/tidbit/technologies/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/tidbit/technologies/xl.png
    results:
        title: Results
        synthesis: "Tidbit Social also lets you explore foodies highlights, users by their real name or username and Featured Restaurants based on ratings or trends around your area.
You earn trophies by rating dishes and restaurants showing off your fluency with different cuisines. Other functions include a Score Explorer (to filter places according to your own scores) a Wish List of restaurants you want to visit and a list of your Followers and people who you follow."

        quote: Currently, TidBit Social has more than 11,000 registered restaurants, with Washington, DC and New York City the most active towns and boasting a 4.8/5 stars rating at the App Store and 4.5 at the Google Play store.
        external_button_label: TidBit, CCO.
        external_button_link: https://google.com
        image_sm: /img/portfolio/tidbit/results/sm.png
        image_md: /img/portfolio/tidbit/results/md.png
        image_lg: /img/portfolio/tidbit/results/lg.png
        image_xl: /img/portfolio/tidbit/results/xl.png
---
